# Group 9 - Customer Milestone 1 - Group Deliverable

## 1. Executive summary:
### a) Summary of project and overall status:
>  To summarize our overall work from the beginning of this semester, we shall mention that many hours of these five weeks were spent on writing, updating, and correcting our Wiki pages, paying attention to formats of our issues, designing the overal Github and Wiki environment we work in, and definitely discussing all of the mentioned topics in our regular meetings as a well functioning team. From our artifacts whose links will be provided throughout our report, we believe our working environment is more than ready to welcome our actual project. We decided to make a web page and a mobile app called BuRota which would allow users to search for information about touristic, historical, and cultural sites in Istanbul, as well as route recommendations and experiences. Users will also be able to create their own profiles and share their own experiences. Our current status may be descibed as the doorstep of the implementation, as we have thoroughly talked about the requirements of our project, the general design, user experience examples, and our own expectations of the project. With support from the teaching staff, we are more than ready and excited to plan the next steps and the realization of our idea.
>  
### b) List the status of deliverables
| **Deliverable** | **Status** |
| ------------------- | --------------------- | 
| Your milestone report | Done |
| Issues | [95 Done](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed) / [6 Open](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues) / [1 Tracking Issue](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Tracking+Issue%22) |
| Wiki: Communication Plan | [Done](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Communication-Plan) |
| Wiki: Project Plan  | [Done](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/69) |
| Wiki: Requirements  | [Done](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Requirements) |
| Wiki: [Mockups](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Mockups) and [Scenarios](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Scenarios)  | Done |
| Wiki: Research  | [7/11 Done](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/41) |
| Wiki: Meeting Note | [Done](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/41) |

### c) Decisions and choices regarding our deliverables
> Our choices about our deliverables can be partitioned -roughly- into 7 main subsections:
>   - Meetings: This is the entry point for us for the semester. By default, we decided that we would hold meetings weekly, at 20.00 on Thursdays - we plan to change the hour to 19.00 for a while. We also agreed that it is better for the team that we hold these meetings face-to-face, yet we allowed those who are unavailable to accompany us through Discord. We think that a face-to-face environment provides a better team-building experience, as well as a more focused environment (distracting environment of an online meeting is familiar to all). While these settings are the default, there have been times when we are faced with heavy workload; then, we quickly arrange online meetings on weekends - as it is more convenient to hold a meeting online on short notices.
>   - Meeting Notes: We decided that each meeting should be recorded by one member, and different members should take note of different sessions; in doing so, notetaking task is divided more or less equally among each team member.
>   - Weekly Effort: In accordance with what's described in the classroom, we decided to create a weekly effort table in our personal pages which would display the task done, estimated duration, actual duration and the related issue. Each week, for each user, has its own table.
>   - Wiki: Another deliverable that we started to work with on day one is our Wiki environment. So far, there have only been personal pages and the pages corresponding to the requirements analysis task, and thus the structure of the Wiki is a simple one. For our personal pages, we went through some examples from the past year and quickly created a template. For our project breakdown, we created 5 pages and linked them from our home page (mockups, requirements, scenarios, elicitation questions, and glossary). Since there isn't a diverse array of subsets of information on our Wiki, we did not discuss any detailed structure yet.
>   - Issues: Issues are how we keep track of tasks we partitioned. As within the guidelines of the classroom, we created a template for issues too. An issue template helps us with proper task/progress/problem documentation and easy formatting that all of us can adhere to. You can find the issue template on github [here](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/custom-issue-template.md). We also created many distinct labels to help classify the issues. Finally, we decided how to open, manage and close tasks; in accordance with the template, we would provide an -at least brief- description of the issue with a deadline, add comments whenever progress is made, and not close without comments. 
>   - Task Partitioning: We had different decisions for partitioning tasks so far. Mostly, we assign tasks to subgroups so that one technical class of a task is seen through beginning to the end by a subgroup (for instance, a subgroup handles requirements analysis while another handles mockups). We were informed that this is not the correct approach and each such class of task should be handled by every subgroup, so we decided to divide tasks based on classes related to the project (for instance, a subgroup handles requirements analysis and mockups for login mechanics while other does for user feed).
>   - Mock-up conventions: As we went through different mockups, we had an abundance of difference in styling; so we decided that one design for web and one for mobile to be the template and others would follow them. You can find our mock-ups [here](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Mockups) on our wiki page. Yet, as a lot of effort went into the prior versions of these mock-ups, we thought it would be the best to provide them as well to better exhibit our collective effort.

### d) Challanges we have met as a group
>   Since the start of this course in these few weeks we, members of team 9, have faced several challenges from communications to technical details. We have managed to overcome them by working together, doing research on our own, or asking teaching assistants. Some of these problems are:
>   - Communication: As there is a large number of people in groups coordination could often be difficult. In order to solve this before it got really problematic we decided to open a channel in discord for our group.
Using it, alongside whatsapp and official discord channel for this course, we believe we managed to divide responsiblities and handle tasks in a smooth manner.
>   - (Github) Issues: In the beginning of this course we didn't have much experience regarding github. Thus when we started opening issues, we overlooked some key principles(such as adding labels, writing description etc.). After the feedback of first weeks from teacher and assistans we decided to review the work we did in those weeks. We added comments to each other's work when appropriate or used afore mentioned channels to speak with each to other to correct our mistakes. We believe after those reviews our project is overall in a better shape.
>   - Structure of Project: Similar to problems we had with issues, we had some struggles with understanding the relation between delivarables, milestones and projects at first. After discussing these concepts with each other and once again asking questions we come to understand it better.
 

## 2. Project plan:
> Our long-term project plan can be found by clicking [here](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Long%E2%80%90term-planning-%F0%9F%93%85), which will redirect to the related Wiki page of our team. The plan was made in Project Libre, it has been updated with all of the past tasks and known milestones, and also contains the most important topics we expect to work on in the future. As many of those future topics and milestones are not detailed and assigned yet, the plan shall be updated occasionally with each new information.

## 3. Contributions

> ### [1. Kristina Trajkovski](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Kristina-Trajkovski)

| **ID** | **Title** | **Issues/Links/Results** |
| -------- | -------------------------------- |  ---------------- | 
| 1.1 | Gathered teammates' GitHub names and shared with the teaching staff as a communicator. | Plese check our Group 9 Discord channel for the related discussions|
| 1.2 | Created labels for issues such as: ASAP, assigned to everyone, research, discussion, priority, etc. | [#1](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/1), [Our labels](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/labels)|
| 1.3 | Created personal wiki page with a childhood photo, short bio, and weekly effort. | [#2](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/2) , [#10](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/10), [the personal page](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Kristina-Trajkovski)|
|1.4| Watched videos on [how to use git](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ffBJ4sVUb4) , [how to create a wiki page](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATVm6ACERu8&list=PLLFyoSxIy_FO-nHmJe2hpJx5cAsorpaE7&index=5), and [how to navigate GitHub](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrTQipWp6co). | [#6](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/6)|
|1.5| Researched interesting public repositories: [AI model development at Stanford](https://github.com/EleutherAI/lm-evaluation-harness), [Backgammon game's code](https://github.com/quasoft/backgammonjs), [Music Memory Game](https://github.com/nlewis84/music-memory).| [#6](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/6), [click here for the research report](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Repository-Research#uber---nullaway-kristina-trajkovski)|
|1.6| Modified the shared Github repository - found one with a nicer ReadMe, contributions, Wiki page etc. Chose [Uber Nullaway](https://github.com/uber/NullAway).| [#14](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/14), [click here for the research report](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Repository-Research#uber---nullaway-kristina-trajkovski)|
| 1.7 | Reviewed the Github repository including checking the issue formats, the templates, and the Wiki pages. Updated the "Weekly Effort Template" to hold estimated duration. | [#16](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/16)
| 1.8 | Surfed the web to learn how to use projects in GitHub, create a project, learn how to connect issues to projects including [Getting Started With Github Projects - Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzpcyYIbHqE), [Beginners Tutorial - Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJ5iK76nRks), and [related GitHub's documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/learning-about-projects/quickstart-for-projects) .| [#42](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/42), the project I created can be seen as [Group 9 project](https://github.com/orgs/bounswe/projects/46) | 
| 1.9| Did research on Wikidata, SPARQL, Wikidata API. The links to the resources are mentioned in the research report. | [#45](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/45), [click here for the research report](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Wikidata,-Linked-Data,-SPARQL-semantic-queries,-and-Wikidata-API-Research) | 
|1.10| Met with the initial subcommunicators - Mutti (Mustafa), Halil, and Ceylin. Discussed the topics all of the subteams (mockup, elicitation, requirements) need to cover. As the subcommunicator for the mockup team, I created the plan for the pages needed to be designed and supervised the related assignments. | [#59](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/59),[meeting notes](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Meeting-Notes-%236), [#55](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/55),[the plan for the mockup team](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/files/14546634/Mockup.Team.Plan.pdf) |
| 1.11| Create a mockup page for the Feed.| [#57](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/57), [First Feed Mockup](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Mockups#web-feed-early-prototype)|
| 1.12| Meet with the professor and elicitation team members (Mustafa, Ceylin, and Eray) to perform a Q&A session about project expectations. |[#75](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/75), [meeting notes](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Customer-Meeting-Notes-%231)
| 1.13| Transfer the plans from issues, meetings, discussions to Project Libre, create a Gunnt chart. |[#69](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/69), [the file from Project Libre](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/commit/e695dd7a68b1c6ee066b1e1e361dd3a8494470a0)|
| 1.14| Update the environment (open new pages, add issues to projects, add milestone) and review issues - minor fixes. | [opened pages about the project](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki#about-our-project), [check connected issues to the Group 9 project](https://github.com/orgs/bounswe/projects/46), [feedback about the report](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/88#issuecomment-2002625689), [feedback about a mockup](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/82#issuecomment-2002625106) |
| 1.15| Add feed related requirements to the general requirements Wiki page with Halil. | [#70](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/70), [requirements](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Requirements)|
| 1.16| Add feed related elicitation questions to the general elicitation questions Wiki page with Halil. | [#72](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/72), [our elicitation questions are under "Feed Design"](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Elicitation-Questions)|
| 1.17| Add feed related web and mobile mockups with Halil. |[#71](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/71), [my web feed mockup](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Mockups#web-feed-design)|
| 1.18| Add contributions, summary and long-term plan to the milestone1 report. | [#86](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/86), please check the 1. a) and 2. sections of this report for the results, [#87](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/87)|

> ### [2. Halil Karabacak](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Halil-Karabacak)

| **ID** | **Title** | **Issues/Links/Results** |
| -------- | -------------------------------- |  ---------------- | 
| 2.1 | Created a personal wiki page to show my contributions to the project along with a brief introduction to me. | [#2](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/2) , [#10](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/10), [the personal page](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Halil-Karabacak)|
|2.2| Since [git](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkdAHXoRtos) is an important part of this course I tried to get familiriaze myself with it. Also, [wiki pages ](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/documenting-your-project-with-wikis/about-wikis) have an important role, so I learned more about markdown language and how to use it affectively. | N/A |
|2.3| Researched and updated my favorite open source projects: [Open3D](https://github.com/isl-org/Open3D/) which is compatible with issues, labels, and wiki pages taught in the course.| [#6](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/6), [my comments on the repo]( https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Repository-Research#open3d-halil-karabacak)|
|2.4| Added estimated time to the previosuly closed issues of our team | [#31](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/31)|
| 2.5| Learned more about Wikidata, SPARQL, Wikidata API. The links to the resources are mentioned in the research report. | [#47](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/47), [research report](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Wikidata,-Linked-Data,-SPARQL-semantic-queries,-and-Wikidata-API-Research#halil-karabacak) | 
|2.6| Met with the initial subcommunicators - Mutti (Mustafa), Kristina, and Ceylin. Discussed the topics all of the subteams (mockup, elicitation, requirements) need to cover. As the subcommunicator for the requirements team, I distributed the things we need to cover inside the team and organized the proocess. | [#59](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/59),[meeting notes](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Meeting-Notes-%236), [#58](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/58) |
| 2.7| Created the requirements page.| [#60](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/60)|
| 2.8| Add feed related requirements to the general requirements Wiki page with Kristina. | [#70](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/70), [requirements](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Requirements)|
| 2.9| Add feed related elicitation questions to the general elicitation questions Wiki page with Kristina. | [#72](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/72), [our elicitation questions are under "Feed Design"](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Elicitation-Questions)|
| 2.10| Add feed related web and mobile mockups with Kristina. |[#71](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/71), [my mobile feed mockup](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Mockups#mobile-feed-design)|
| 2.11| Add summary and long-term plan to the milestone1 report. | [#86](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/86), please check the 1. a) section of this report for the results| 
| 2.12 | Add contributions to the milestone1 report. | [#91](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/91)|
| 2.13 | Complete Part-4 of the Milestone-1 report. | [#99](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/99)|
| 2.14 | Add non-functional requirements to the wiki page | [#100](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/100)|

> ### [3. Muhammet Berkay Keskin](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Muhammet-Berkay-Keskin)

| **ID** | **Title** | **Issues/Links/Results** |
| -------- | -------------------------------- |  ---------------- | 
| 3.1 | Created a personal wiki page. | [#2](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/2),[result](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Muhammet-Berkay-Keskin)|
| 3.2 | Learned how to write markdown markup language to be able to write Readme. | [#3](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/3)|
| 3.3 | Created Readme for the repository using markdown. | [#3](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/3),[result](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9#-welcome-to-cmpe352-group-9s-project-repository-)|
| 3.4 | Shared my favorite repository. | [#6](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/6)|
| 3.5 | Clearly explained why I chosed my favorite repository. | [#25](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/25),[result](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Repository-Research#stockfish-muhammet-berkay-keskin)|
| 3.6 | Searched for RAM, domain analysis, requirements and elicitation. | [#41](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/41)|
| 3.7 | Searched for Wikidata, linked data and Wikidata API. Practiced SPARQL. | [#51](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/51)|
| 3.8 | Learned how to use HTML and CSS for mockup design. Created sign in and sign up mockups for web and mobile. | [#63](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/63),[#65](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/65),[result](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Mockups#sign-up)|
| 3.9 | Designed the first search mockup prototype. | [#63](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/63),[result](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Mockups#web-search-early-prototype)|
| 3.10 | Added elicitation questions related to log in. | [#80](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/80),[result](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Elicitation-Questions)|
| 3.11 | Added contributions to this table. | [#92](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/92),[result](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/blob/milestone1-deliverable/milestone1-files/milestone1.md#3-muhammet-berkay-keskin)|

> ### [4. Yiğit Kağan Poyrazoğlu](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Yigit-Kagan-Poyrazoglu)

| **ID** | **Title** | **Issues/Links/Results** |
| -------- | ---------------- |  ---------------- | 
| 4.1 | Created a personal wiki page | [#2](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/2),  [aforementioned page](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Yigit-Kagan-Poyrazoglu)|
| 4.2 | Shared one of my favourite projects | [#6](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/6), [revanced](https://github.com/revanced) |
| 4.3 | Learned about requirements analysis | [#58](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/58) |
| 4.4 | Held a meeting with requirements subgroup and done initial requirements analysis | [#58](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/58) |
| 4.5 | Went over requirements analysis for Route Creation & Modification with Ozgur | [#68](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/68), [#76](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/76), [Sections 2.2-2.4](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Requirements) |
| 4.6 | Went over elicitation questions for Route Creation & Modification with Ozgur | [#68](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/68), [#78](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/78), [Sections 'Points of Interest' and 'Routes'](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Elicitation-Questions) |
| 4.7 | Created web & mobile mock-ups for Route Creation & Modification with Ozgur (first versions of the mock-ups) | [#68](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/68), [#79](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/79), under [First (Replaced) Mockups](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Mockups) |
| 4.7.1 | Learned how to use Figma | None
| 4.8 | Changed the mock-ups to adhere to the design decisions | None, under [Route Creation & Modification](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Mockups) |
| 4.9 | Migrated requirements from local document to wiki page | [#68](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/68), [#76](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/76), see 4.5|
| 4.10 | Added mock-ups related to Route Creation & Modification to corresponding wiki page | [#68](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/68), [#79](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/79), see 4.6 & 4.7 |
| 4.11 | Written the 'Decisions and choices regarding deliverables' section of this report  | [#88](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/88), check section 1.c|
| 4.12 | Added contributions to milestone 1 report | [#94](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/94) |

> ### [5. Ceylin Gebes](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Ceylin-Gebes)

| **ID** | **Title** | **Issues/Links/Results** |
| -------- | -------------------------------- |  ---------------- | 
| 5.1 | Created personal wiki page with a childhood photo, short bio, and weekly effort. | [#2](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/2) , [#10](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/10), [personal page](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Ceylin-Gebes)|
| 5.2 | Make some research about [how to use git](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ffBJ4sVUb4) | [#6](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/6)|
| 5.3 | Make some research into well-documented public repositories, choose personal favourite repository as [oh-my-zsh](https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh). | [#6](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/6), [my part of the research documentation](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Repository-Research#oh-my-zsh-ceylin-gebes)|
| 5.4 | Construct a general communication plan for the team and document it on wiki | [#5](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/5), [Communication Plan](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Communication-Plan) |
| 5.5 | Update the communication plan after discussing it with other team members for effectiveness | [#20](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/20), [Communication Plan](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Communication-Plan) |
| 5.6 | Acquired the tester/reviewer role, reviewed all the deliverables submitted this week and make minor fixes or warnings to regarding team members | [#36](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/36) |
| 5.7 | Did research on Wikidata, SPARQL, the usage of Wikidata API. The links to the resources can be found in the research report. | [#44](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/44), [my part of the research report](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Wikidata,-Linked-Data,-SPARQL-semantic-queries,-and-Wikidata-API-Research#ceylin-gebeş) |
| 5.8 | Meet with the subcommunicators - Mutti (Mustafa), Halil and Kristina. Discussed the topics all of the subteams (mockup, elicitation, requirements) need to cover. As the subcommunicators for the elicititation team, Mutti and I made the responsibility-sharing for the questions regarding different features and functionalities. | [#59](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/59), [subcommunicator meeting notes](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Meeting-Notes-%236), [#55](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/55), [document for the elicitation questions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18GKQQi054klGar-2qSFD-BgRuyZmgTekRnNoTwrlrs8/edit) |
| 5.9 | Discuss about the scope of elicitation questions and constitute elementary questions, write down elicitation questions regarding route creating and route search results, and contribute to my teammates' questions. | [#61](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/61) |
| 5.10 | Meet with the professor Suzan to perform our first customer meeting, clarifying project expectations and get feedback about our ideas. Take handwritten meeting notes -later organized and documented to wiki by Mutti-. |[#75](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/75), [customer meeting notes](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Customer-Meeting-Notes-%231)
| 5.11 | Take meeting notes for week 5. | [meeting notes](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Meeting-Notes-%238) 
| 5.12 | Design a logo for our project, BuRota. | [#67](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/67), the logo can be displayed at the top of our [readme](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/blob/main/README.md) and multiple mockup interfaces which can be accessible [here](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Mockups).|
| 5.13 | Add route details page related elicitation questions to the general elicitation questions Wiki page w/Taha. |[#83](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/83), the elicitation questions can be found here under ["Route Details"](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Elicitation-Questions)|
| 5.14 | Add requirements related to Route Details page and functionality w/Taha. | [#81](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/81), Route Details specific requirements can be found mainly 1.1.5, 2.2.2 and 2.2.3 sections of [requirements](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Requirements). |
| 5.15 | Design route details page related mockup/interface for web platforms and update according to feedback. | [#82](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/82), [mockup for web route details](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Mockups#web-route-details-page-design) |
| 5.16 | Write a user scenario including feed features and displaying route details. | [#84](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/84), [Scenario 2](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Scenarios#scenario-2)|
| 5.17 | Add challenges we have met as a group during project development process, and how we have or plan to overcome them | [#96](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/96), (please check the 1.d section of this report for the resulting part) | 
| 5.18 | Add contributions to the Milestone 1 report. | [#95](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/95)|


> ### [6. Mustafa (Mutti) Atak](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Mustafa-Atak)

| **ID** | **Title** | **Issues/Links/Results** |
| -------- | -------------------------------- |  ---------------- | 
| 6.1 | Organized Wiki Main WebPage with [Eray](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Eray-Ero%C4%9Flu) in order to make our pages more reachable | [#8](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/8), [the main page](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki)
| 6.2 |  I wrote meeting notes #3, put it under Meeting Notes #3, and organized it by topic | [Meeting Notes #3](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Meeting-Notes-%233) |(https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki) |
| 6.3 | Designed my personal wiki page in order to clearly explain myself to other members. | [#2](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/2) , [#10](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/10) |
| 6.4 | Controlled the weekly progress part of my team members added in order to solve overlooked errors| [#10](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/10) |
| 6.5 | Edited the meeting notes order on the main wiki page to keep them cleaner. | [#17](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/17) |
| 6.6 | Put my personal favorite wiki page to github at #6 and after re-information about favorite github page criterias I updated [it](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Repository-Research#news-please-mustafa-atak) at #26  | [#6](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/6) [#26](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/26)|
| 6.7 |  Wrote and put Meeting Notes #4, and organized it with issue links | [Meeting Notes #4](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Meeting-Notes-%234) |
| 6.8 | Checked my team members' favorite revised github repositories to make sure everyone was done | [#28](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/28) |
| 6.8 | Updated the design of weekly progress with new information gathered from teacher | [#27](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/27) |
| 6.9 |  Wrote and put Meeting Notes #6, and organized it with issue links | [Meeting Notes #6](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Meeting-Notes-%236)|
| 6.10 | Search about Projects Section in Github with teammate [Kristina](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Kristina-Trajkovski) .| [#42](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/42) |
| 6.11 | Did research on Wikidata, Linked Data, SPARQL, Wikidata API. Resources put under [this page](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Wikidata,-Linked-Data,-SPARQL-semantic-queries,-and-Wikidata-API-Research).| [#46](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/46)| 
|6.12 | Subcominicators ([Halil](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Halil-Karabacak), [Kristina](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Kristina-Trajkovski), Me) and [Ceylin](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Ceylin-Gebes) met and discussed generally what each subteam should do. We talked about what should be done in general in areas specific to Elicitation requirements and mockup. | [#59](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/59) |
| 6.13 | Completed Elicitation Questions with my team and organized it before taking it to the teacher  |[#61](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/61)|
| 6.14 | Holding a customer meeting with teacher Suzan. We went to Teacher with the Elicitation team and Kristina and asked her about our ideas about our project. |Not assigned|
| 6.15 | Organized the Customer Meeting Notes that we obtained by talking to teacher Suzan and put them under Customer Meeting #1. |[#74](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/74)|
| 6.16 | Revised and gave feedback about my friends' issues in order to avoid any problem  | [#82](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/82), [#84](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/84), [#85](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/85)|
| 6.17 | Wrote elicitation about search design with my partner Eray with brainstorming session. | [#73](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/73) |
| 6.18 | Designed requirements questions from our elicitation questions in order to keep consistency | [#73](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/73) |
| 6.19 | Created search result mockup pages with my partner Eray for both mobile and web | [#73](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/73) |
| 6.20 | Helped and revised the [Scenario#1](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Scenarios#scenario-1) about search result and gave my feedback to make it more realistic.  | [#73](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/73) |
| 6.21 | Added contributions to the milestone1 report. | [#97](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/97)|




> ### [7. Eray Eroğlu](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Eray-Ero%C4%9Flu)
| **ID** | **Title** | **Issues/Links/Results** |
| -------- | -------------------------------- |  ---------------- | 
| 7.1 | Created personal wiki page which has a short biography, skills and hobbies part | [#2](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/2) , [#10](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/10)|
| 7.2 |Searched for an interesting github repo by searching through Youtube videos| [#6](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/6)|
| 7.3 |Took the meeting notes and added them to Wiki, by using the meeting note template| None |
| 7.4 |Edited wiki page and organized it with Mustafa Mutti Atak. We edited the sidebar and gathered links into subtitles | [#8](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/8) |
| 7.5 |Learnt some github features by reading the Github documentation and trying them on my private repo| None |
| 7.6 | Updated favourite repository, I misunderstood the concept at the beginning. I searched repos that has good documentation and wiki page use | [#40](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/40) |
| 7.6 | Updated Weekly Effort table for week 1 and add week 2, added estimated time and actual time parameter| [#39](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/39)|
| 7.7 | Did some research on Wikidata, SPARQL, Wikidata API etc. Added the useful ones to research page on the Wiki| [#44](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/44) |
| 7.8 | Met with elicitation sub-team, discussed about the scope of elicitation questions and constituted elementary questions. |[#61](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/61) |
| 7.9 | Created elicitation questions for the assigned category -questions regarding login/sign in and feed/searching bar- | [#61](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/61) |
| 7.10 | Met with Suzan Hoca, discussed about the elicitation questions and general topics regarding to project with Mustafa, Ceylin and Kristina | None
| 7.11  | Designed mockup pages for searching page, both for mobile and desktop, with Mustafa | [#73](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/73)|
| 7.12 | Wrote a scenario including login, searching and viewing a route by using mockup pages| [#73](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/73)|
| 7.13 | Wrote elicatation questions for searching page and how the searching works| [#73](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/73)|
| 7.14 | Wrote requirements for searching page and social interactions parts, with Mustafa | [#73](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/73)|
| 7.15 | Due to the changes is mockup pages, updated the scenario| [#85](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/85)|
| 7.16 |Added contributions to first milestone report| [#97](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/97)|


> ### [8. Taha Topaloğlu](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Taha-Topalo%C4%9Flu)

| **ID** | **Title** | **Issues/Links/Results** |
| -------- | -------------------------------- |  ---------------- |
| 8.1 | Created Personal Wiki Page | [#2](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/2)|
| 8.2 | Studied git to get familiar with it and documented a favorite repo of mine | [#6](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/6)|
| 8.3 | Added labels for issues and organized wiki sidebar| [#1](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/1),[#4](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/4)|
| 8.4 | I further studied git and made some minor fixes to my personal wiki page | N/A|
| 8.5 | Made some research on WikiData API and SPARQL and documented it| [#52](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/52)|
| 8.6 | Added requirements related to Route Details page and functionality w/Ceylin | [#81](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/81)
| 8.7 | Met with mock-up group to have a standart consistency | N/A |
| 8.8 | Designed a high-level route details page mock-up and a mobile version of latest web page's | [#82](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/82)
| 8.9 |Added route details page related elicitation questions to the general elicitation questions Wiki page w/Ceylin | [#83](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/83)|
| 8.10 | Organized my contributions and added them to Milestone 1 report | [#101](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/101)

> ### [9. Ahmet Burak Çiçek](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Taha-Topalo%C4%9Flu)

| **ID** | **Title** | **Issues/Links/Results** |
| -------- | -------------------------------- |  ---------------- |
| 9.1 | Created Personal Wiki Page | [#2](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/2)|
| 9.2 | Searched for interesting repositories| [#6](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/6)|
| 9.3 | Taken a course on how to use git/github | N/A|
| 9.4 | Attended group meetings | N/A |
| 9.5 | Done some research on Wikidata, SPARQL, Wikidata API etc. | [#53](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/53)
| 9.6 | Discussed requirements with "requirements subteam" members | [#58](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/58)|
| 9.7 | Created requirements questions for the assigned group | [#58](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/58)
| 9.8 | Done some research on Web Development| N/A |
| 9.9 | Added elicitation questions for sign up page| [#80](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/80) |
| 9.10 | Created a scenario for sign up page | N/A |
| 9.11 | Organized my contributions and addem them to Milestone 1 report | N/A | 

> ### [10. Özgür Özerdem](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/%C3%96zg%C3%BCr-%C3%96zerdem)

| **ID** | **Title** | **Issues/Links/Results** |
| -------- | -------------------------------- |  ---------------- |
| 9.1 | Created Personal Wiki Page | [#2](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/2)|
| 9.2 | Searched for interesting repositories| [#6](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/6)|
| 9.3 | Attended group meetings | N/A |
| 9.4 | Done some research on Wikidata, SPARQL, Wikidata API etc. | [#54](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/54)
| 9.5 | Discussed requirements with "requirements subteam" members | [#58](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/58)|
| 9.6 | Taken notes in one of the meetings | [notes](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Meeting-Notes-%237)|
| 9.7 | Created requirements questions for the assigned group | [#58](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/58)
| 9.8 | Went over the requirements for Route creation | [#76](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/76)
| 9.9 | Added elicitation questions for Route Creation| [#68](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/68) |
| 9.10 | Helped preparing Mock Up for Route Creation| [#79](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/79) |
| 9.11 | Created a scenario for  Route Creation | [#89](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/89)
| 9.12 | Organized my contributions and addem them to Milestone 1 report | N/A | 


> ### [11. Mehmet Emin İpekdal](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Mehmet-Emin-İpekdal)

| **ID** | **Title** | **Issues/Links/Results** |
| -------- | -------------------------------- |  ---------------- | 
| 11.1 | Created personal wiki page with a childhood photo, short bio, and weekly effort. | [#2](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/2) , [#10](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/10), [personal page](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Mehmet-Emin-İpekdal)|
| 11.2 | Make research about [using git](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRZGeaHPoaw) | N/A |
| 11.3 | Make research about documented public repositories, select favourite repository. | [#6](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/6) |
| 11.4 | Create related pages for wiki tab | [#4](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/4) |
| 11.5 | Create the repository research page and put it on wiki | [#9](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/9), [Repository Page](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Repository-Research) |
| 11.6 | Prepare a meeting report template for the team | [#11](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/11), [Meeting Notes Template](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Meeting-Note-Template) |
| 11.7 | Create meeting notes for team's first meeting. | N/A - [First Meeting Notes](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Meeting-Notes-%231) |
| 11.8 | Create meeting notes for team's fifth meeting. | N/A - [Fifth Meeting Notes](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Meeting-Notes-%235) |
| 11.9 | Make research on Wikidata, Linked Data, SPARQL, Wikidata API. | [#49](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/49)| 
| 11.10 | Create mock-ups for profile pages. Then update the mock ups and create the mobile mock ups. | [#62](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/62), [#98](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/98) |
| 11.11 | Update the requirements created for profile pages. Add requirements if needed. | [#102](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/102) |
| 11.12 | Update the elicitation questions created for profile pages. Add more questions if needed. | [#103](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/103) |
| 11.13 | Create scenario for profile page with mock ups. | [#104](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/104) |
| 11.14 | Add contributions on milestone 1. | [#106](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/issues/106) |



## 4. Evaluation Of Tools
### ProjetcLibre
We used ProjectLibre for the high level planning and project management. However, even it is useful, we found out it is hard to use and hard to collaborate with other people.

### Git
It is actually obvious enough why we should use Git or any source control methods. Tracking history of the progress and in case something goes wrong, the ability to recover the error is critical. Also branching lets more developer to work on the project simulatenously without making them wait one-another.

### Github
Github can be considered as an extension to the Git by providing it more ability, but with the same idology at the core. Wiki pages, issues, labels etc. make developing a project and collaborating with others much easier than. Also, you can see the progress of another person if he/she uses Github properyl by adding comments to issues.

### Discord
Discord can be considered "the" tool of communication. It both lets audio , text channels, user labels, proirtity based access mechanisms ... Even you can play a few a card games while you are waiting the rest of the group to gather around during meetings. In short, we used it a lot!

### Figma
Designing mockup pages can be quite challenging if you have no experience yet, but there is a tool that makes you a decent designer in short time and it is Figma. Also seeing others' design is important because they should be compatible in terms of color scheme, button placement, and functionality. We used Figma for mobile and web mockup designs and found it very useful.

### hackmd
If you want to collaborate on a markdown file and don't want to be bothered by pulling and pushing to a single file, than hacmd, which this file is written in, is the tool you are looking for. It let's many people to work on the same file at the same time, without any conflicts and is very useful.