# Group 9 - Customer Milestone 1 - Group Deliverable

## 1. Executive summary:
### a) Summary of project and overall status:
>  To summarize our overall work from the beginning of this semester, we shall mention that many hours of these five weeks were spent on writing, updating, and correcting our Wiki pages, paying attention to formats of our issues, designing the overal Github and Wiki environment we work in, and definitely discussing all of the mentioned topics in our regular meetings as a well functioning team. From our artifacts whose links will be provided throughout our report, we believe our working environment is more than ready to welcome our actual project. We decided to make a web page and a mobile app called BuRota which would allow users to search for information about touristic, historical, and cultural sites in Istanbul, as well as route recommendations and experiences. Users will also be able to create their own profiles and share their own experiences. Our current status may be descibed as the doorstep of the implementation, as we have thoroughly talked about the requirements of our project, the general design, user experience examples, and our own expectations of the project. With support from the teaching staff, we are more than ready and excited to plan the next steps and the realization of our idea.

### c) Decisions and choices regarding our deliverables
> Our choices about our deliverables can be partitioned -roughly- into 7 main subsections:
>   - Meetings: This is the entry point for us for the semester. By default, we decided that we would hold meetings weekly, at 20.00 on Thursdays - we plan to change the hour to 19.00 for a while. We also agreed that it is better for the team that we hold these meetings face-to-face, yet we allowed those who are unavailable to accompany us through Discord. We think that a face-to-face environment provides a better team-building experience, as well as a more focused environment (distracting environment of an online meeting is familiar to all). While these settings are the default, there have been times when we are faced with heavy workload; then, we quickly arrange online meetings on weekends - as it is more convenient to hold a meeting online on short notices.
>   - Meeting Notes: We decided that each meeting should be recorded by one member, and different members should take note of different sessions; in doing so, notetaking task is divided more or less equally among each team member.
>   - Weekly Effort: In accordance with what's described in the classroom, we decided to create a weekly effort table in our personal pages which would display the task done, estimated duration, actual duration and the related issue. Each week, for each user, has its own table.
>   - Wiki: Another deliverable that we started to work with on day one is our Wiki environment. So far, there have only been personal pages and the pages corresponding to the requirements analysis task, and thus the structure of the Wiki is a simple one. For our personal pages, we went through some examples from the past year and quickly created a template. For our project breakdown, we created 5 pages and linked them from our home page (mockups, requirements, scenarios, elicitation questions, and glossary). Since there isn't a diverse array of subsets of information on our Wiki, we did not discuss any detailed structure yet.
>   - Issues: Issues are how we keep track of tasks we partitioned. As within the guidelines of the classroom, we created a template for issues too. An issue template helps us with proper task/progress/problem documentation and easy formatting that all of us can adhere to. You can find the issue template on github [here](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/custom-issue-template.md). We also created many distinct labels to help classify the issues. Finally, we decided how to open, manage and close tasks; in accordance with the template, we would provide an -at least brief- description of the issue with a deadline, add comments whenever progress is made, and not close without comments. 
>   - Task Partitioning: We had different decisions for partitioning tasks so far. Mostly, we assign tasks to subgroups so that one technical class of a task is seen through beginning to the end by a subgroup (for instance, a subgroup handles requirements analysis while another handles mockups). We were informed that this is not the correct approach and each such class of task should be handled by every subgroup, so we decided to divide tasks based on classes related to the project (for instance, a subgroup handles requirements analysis and mockups for login mechanics while other does for user feed).
>   - Mock-up conventions: As we went through different mockups, we had an abundance of difference in styling; so we decided that one design for web and one for mobile to be the template and others would follow them. You can find our mock-ups [here](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Mockups) on our wiki page. Yet, as a lot of effort went into the prior versions of these mock-ups, we thought it would be the best to provide them as well to better exhibit our collective effort.

## 2. Project plan:a
> Our long-term project plan can be found by clicking [here](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2024group9/wiki/Long%E2%80%90term-planning-%F0%9F%93%85), which will redirect to the related Wiki page of our team. The plan was made in Project Libre, it has been updated with all of the past tasks and known milestones, and also contains the most important topics we expect to work on in the future. As many of those future topics and milestones are not detailed and assigned yet, the plan shall be updated occasionally with each new information.

